Instructor: Welcome back!
As part of AWS EKS load balancer controller, Kubernetes
Ingress, Application Load Balancer, and also external DNS.
So considering all these four things,
we are going to implement 14 demos.
If you see here, as part of demo one,
we are going to install the AWS load balancer controller.
And after that, we will learn the Ingress basics
as part of demo two.
And later, we will implement the Ingress context
part based routing as part of demo three.
And later, we will implement the Ingress SSL
and Ingress SSL redirect as part of demo four
and demo five.
So considering all these demos will be related
to application load balancer,
which means every demo whatever we are creating
we are going to implement these things using
Kubernetes manifest on AWS application load balancer.
And we are also going to install external DNS
using demo six.
And later we will implement Ingress plus external DNS
and Kubernetes service plus external DNS
as part of demo seven and demo eight.
Ingress plus external DNS in the sense,
so whenever we deploy our Ingress manifest,
automatically, the DNS registration happens
in the AWS route 53 whatever the DNS names
defined in the Ingress manifest.
So that we are going to learn as part of demo seven.
And as part of demo eight,
not only with Ingress with regular Kubernetes service,
which is of type load balancer, our note port services.
So they also Ingress external DNS related annotations be
can be added to DNS restart those service related DNS names
inside the route 53.
So which means the Kubernetes service
inside that you can add the external DNS annotation
for your application and
that DNS name using external DNS can be DNS restart
in AWS route 53.
So both demos, Ingress plus external DNS
and Kubernetes service
plus external DNS we are going to implement.
After that we are also going to implement Ingress
name based virtual host routing.
So we already implemented Ingress context part base routing,
so which is nothing but when the request comes to
slash app one, go to app one whenever the request comes to
slash app two, go to app two related backend.
So those are context path based routing's.
So name based virtual host routing is nothing but,
whenever you access your application with app one dot
some domain.com, go to that respect to app one
related backends.
And when you access with app two dot some domain.com,
the request should go to app two.
So even that example we are going to implement using
Kubernetes Ingress manifest and equivalent ALB rules
will be created.
And after that we are also going to
implement SSL discovery host and SSL discovery DLS.
So without hard coding the AWS certificate manager,
certificate ARN in your Ingress,
so you can use the options
like SSL discovery host and SSL discovery DLS.
So those things also we are going to learn
in detail with practical demos.
And after that, we are going to implement Ingress groups.
So with Ingress groups the large configuration
of Kubernetes Ingress manifest can be split into small,
small Kubernetes manifest
and we can create multiple Ingress resources
and combine them to a single group with a priority order.
So we are going to learn
that in detail as part of demo two.
And after that, we are also going to learn
about Ingress target types,
which is instance mode and then IP mode.
So far, whatever the demos we have implemented is
default is going to be instance mode
and we implemented it with instance mode.
So here as part of demo 13, we are going to learn
about IP mode and implement that with IP mode.
And finally, we are also going to implement
the Ingress internal ALB.
And to test that, we are also going to deploy a cold port
and connect to cold port and test it.
So let's go ahead
and then practically implement all these things now.
So I'll see you in the next lecture.
Until then, bye-bye.
Thank you.